component/example/peripheral/raw/IR/ir_tx_nec_polling/README.md, before:

# Example Description

1. This example describes how to use IR transmitting data in polling mode by RAW IR API.
2. This data are encoded with NEC protocol.

This example does not support the loguart command response.

# HW Configuration

Logic Analyser or oscilloscope.

# SW configuration

1. How to compile :

   - Copy main.c, ir_ext.h, ir_nec_protocol.h, ir_nec_protocol.c and Makefile under folder src to project\realtek_amebaxxx_va0_example\src\src_xxx
2. In this example, IR as transmitter, default using `IR_PINMUX_S1_TX`.
3. Additional configurations:

   - data waveform reverse
     reverse lR output idle level by modifying `IR_InitStruct->IR_TxIdleLevel ` to `IR_IDLE_OUTPUT_LOW `or `IR_IDLE_OUTPUT_HIGH`
   - revsese IR carrier and non-carrier level by modifying `IR_InitStruct->IR_TxInverse` to following optional value:
     - `IR_TX_DATA_NORMAL`: carrier symbol from high to low; non-carrier symbol default low
     - `IR_TX_DATA_INVERSE`: carrier symbol from low to high; non-carrier symbol default high
     - `IR_TX_DATA_CARRIER_NORMAL`: default carrier and non-carrier waveform
     - `IR_TX_DATA_CARRIER_INVERSE`: there is a pulse from carrier to non-carrier
4. Other IR protocol configuration, refer to `component\soc\amebasmart\verification\IR\protocol\ir_nec_protocol.c`

   - struct and macros:

     - `IR_ProtocolTypeDef`: the struct of IR protocol data format, which depends on the IR protocol custom choose
     - `IR_DataTypeDef`: the struct used to store IR decoding/endcoding data
     - `MAX_IR_BUF_SIZE`: the maxium length of carrier symbol data to store in one data command and data format
     - `MAX_HEADDER_LEN`: header length if there is header
     - `MAX_LOG_WAVFORM_SIZE`: always be 2. to differ from space symbol high or low.
     - `MAX_CODE_SIZE`: the data length of `DATA_CODE_WDTH`
     - `DATA_CODE_WDTH`: NEC protocol is 8bits as default
   - IR encode and decode functions:

     - `NEC_EncodePacket`: encode the space symbol of IR waveform data with carrier symbol data
     - `NEC_DecodePacket`: decode the received IR waveform with carrier symbol to space symbol

# Expect result

   When LA or oscilloscope is connected to `IR_PINMUX_S1_TX` pin, tx data will be captured.

# Note

- NEC protocol works at

  - sample frequency = 10MHz
  - receive carrier symbol data when `IR_RX_FIFO_LEVEL_INT` interrupt happens.
  - rx stop at `IR_RX_CNT_THR_INT` interrupt.r
  - rx stop threshold is controlled by received `IR_RxCntThrType`(default Low level) count > `IR_RxCntThr`(default 0xa1644, that is about 66ms)
  - decoding tolerance is 30% by default.
  - When using IR receiver module, set ir rx pin no-pull state.
- On AmebaSmart: Pin in example is only supported as `IR_TX` or `IR_RX` function.
- On AmebaDplus: Pin in example is supported as both `IR_TX ` and `IR_RX` function.

# Supported IC

- AmebaSmart
- AmebaDplus

Commit message:

Update firmware to commit linux-v1.1-369317f726
[wlan:mp][bug fix] fix no data when to run iwpriv mp_query phy
[coex] fix a2dp sink audio lag when wifi busy or scan
[coex] fix query bt info fail when write scbd untimely
[wlan][bug fix]Avoid P2P testing frenzy brushing logs
[wlan][bug fix] modify 2g edcca_threshold  to -62dbm
[fullmac] update wifi include path in fullmac
[coex] clear HID bit profile map when le busy
[coex][wlan] add api for linux bt hci notify
[wlan:fullmac][bug fix] fix linux sofap crash when ps client connect

component/example/peripheral/raw/IR/ir_tx_nec_polling/README.md, after:

# Example Description

1. This example describes how to use IR transmitting data in polling mode by RAW IR API.
2. This data are encoded with NEC protocol.

This example does not support the loguart command response.

# HW Configuration

Logic Analyzer or oscilloscope.

# SW configuration

1. How to compile :

   - Copy main.c, ir_ext.h, ir_nec_protocol.h, ir_nec_protocol.c and Makefile under folder src to project\realtek_amebaxxx_va0_example\src\src_xxx
2. In this example, IR as transmitter, default using `IR_PINMUX_S1_TX`.
3. Additional configurations:

   - data waveform reverse
     reverse lR output idle level by modifying `IR_InitStruct->IR_TxIdleLevel ` to `IR_IDLE_OUTPUT_LOW `or `IR_IDLE_OUTPUT_HIGH`
   - revsese IR carrier and non-carrier level by modifying `IR_InitStruct->IR_TxInverse` to following optional value:
     - `IR_TX_DATA_NORMAL`: carrier symbol from high to low; non-carrier symbol default low
     - `IR_TX_DATA_INVERSE`: carrier symbol from low to high; non-carrier symbol default high
     - `IR_TX_DATA_CARRIER_NORMAL`: default carrier and non-carrier waveform
     - `IR_TX_DATA_CARRIER_INVERSE`: there is a pulse from carrier to non-carrier
4. Other IR protocol configuration, refer to `sdk\component\soc\amebaXXXX\fwlib\ameba_ir.c`
   - struct and macros:

     - `IR_ProtocolTypeDef`: the struct of IR protocol data format, which depends on the IR protocol custom choose
     - `IR_DataTypeDef`: the struct used to store IR decoding/endcoding data
     - `MAX_IR_BUF_SIZE`: the maxium length of carrier symbol data to store in one data command and data format
     - `MAX_HEADDER_LEN`: header length if there is header
     - `MAX_LOG_WAVFORM_SIZE`: always be 2. to differ from space symbol high or low.
     - `MAX_CODE_SIZE`: the data length of `DATA_CODE_WDTH`
     - `DATA_CODE_WDTH`: NEC protocol is 8bits as default
   - IR encode and decode functions:

     - `NEC_EncodePacket`: encode the space symbol of IR waveform data with carrier symbol data
     - `NEC_DecodePacket`: decode the received IR waveform with carrier symbol to space symbol

# Expect result

  - When Logic Analyzer or oscilloscope is connected to `IR_PINMUX_S1_TX` pin, and the **NEC Protocal** should be selected, then the tx data will be captured.

  - About Tx Data:
    - If keep the macro `IR_LOOP_TEST` default setting `1`:
      - The 2bytes data of ir_code[1] and ir_code[0] will be updated in each loop, and the 2bytes's data can be traced in Serial Port Tool
        - The real tx data contain 4bytes in sequence of:
          - ir_code[0], ~ir_code[0], ir_code[1], ~ir_code[1] 
          - For example: 
            - The first loop ir_code[1] is 0x0, ir_code[0] is 0x1
            - Then the real tx data in is: 0x1, 0xfe, 0x0, 0xff
    - If modify the macro `IR_LOOP_TEST` to `0`:
      - The 2bytes data ir_code[1] and ir_code[0] will keep the same in each loop
        - The real tx data contain 4Bytes in sequence of:
          - ir_code[0], ~ir_code[0], ir_code[1], ~ir_code[1] 
          - In this example:
            - The ir_code[1] is 0x34, and ir_code[0] is 0x12
            - Then the real tx data in is: 0x12, 0xed, 0x34, 0xcb

# Note

- NEC protocol works at

  - sample frequency = 10MHz
  - receive carrier symbol data when `IR_RX_FIFO_LEVEL_INT` interrupt happens.
  - rx stop at `IR_RX_CNT_THR_INT` interrupt.r
  - rx stop threshold is controlled by received `IR_RxCntThrType`(default Low level) count > `IR_RxCntThr`(default 0xa1644, that is about 66ms)
  - decoding tolerance is 30% by default.
  - When using IR receiver module, set ir rx pin no-pull state.
- On AmebaDplus: Pin in example is only supported as `IR_TX` or `IR_RX` function.
- On AmebaSmart: Pin in example is supported as both `IR_TX ` and `IR_RX` function.

# Supported IC

- AmebaSmart
- AmebaDplus
